id,article,highlights
92c514c913c0bdfe25341af9fd72b29db544099b,"Ever noticed how plane seats appear to be getting smaller and smaller? With increasing numbers of people taking to the skies, some experts are questioning if having such packed out planes is putting passengers at risk. They say that the shrinking space on aeroplanes is not only uncomfortable - it's putting our health and safety in danger. More than squabbling over the arm rest, shrinking space on planes putting our health and safety in danger? This week, a U.S consumer advisory group set up by the Department of Transportation said at a public hearing that while the government is happy to set standards for animals flying on planes, it doesn't stipulate a minimum amount of space for humans. 'In a world where animals have more rights to space and food than humans,' said Charlie Leocha, consumer representative on the committee. 'It is time that the DOT and FAA take a stand for humane treatment of passengers.' But could crowding on planes lead to more serious issues than fighting for space in the overhead lockers, crashing elbows and seat back kicking? Tests conducted by the FAA use planes with a 31 inch pitch, a standard which on some airlines has decreased . Many economy seats on United Airlines have 30 inches of room, while some airlines offer as little as 28 inches . Cynthia Corbertt, a human factors researcher with the Federal Aviation Administration, that it conducts tests on how quickly passengers can leave a plane. But these tests are conducted using planes with 31 inches between each row of seats, a standard which on some airlines has decreased, reported the Detroit News. The distance between two seats from one point on a seat to the same point on the seat behind it is known as the pitch. While most airlines stick to a pitch of 31 inches or above, some fall below this. While United Airlines has 30 inches of space, Gulf Air economy seats have between 29 and 32 inches, Air Asia offers 29 inches and Spirit Airlines offers just 28 inches. British Airways has a seat pitch of 31 inches, while easyJet has 29 inches, Thomson's short haul seat pitch is 28 inches, and Virgin Atlantic's is 30-31.","Experts question if  packed out planes are putting passengers at risk .
U.S consumer advisory group says minimum space must be stipulated .
Safety tests conducted on planes with more leg room than airlines offer ."
2003841c7dc0e7c5b1a248f9cd536d727f27a45a,"A drunk teenage boy had to be rescued by security after jumping into a lions' enclosure at a zoo in western India. Rahul Kumar, 17, clambered over the enclosure fence at the Kamla Nehru Zoological Park in Ahmedabad, and began running towards the animals, shouting he would 'kill them'. Mr Kumar explained afterwards that he was drunk and 'thought I'd stand a good chance' against the predators. Next level drunk: Intoxicated Rahul Kumar, 17, climbed into the lions' enclosure at a zoo in Ahmedabad and began running towards the animals shouting 'Today I kill a lion!' Mr Kumar had been sitting near the enclosure when he suddenly made a dash for the lions, surprising zoo security. The intoxicated teenager ran towards the lions, shouting: 'Today I kill a lion or a lion kills me!' A zoo spokesman said: 'Guards had earlier spotted him close to the enclosure but had no idea he was planing to enter it. 'Fortunately, there are eight moats to cross before getting to where the lions usually are and he fell into the second one, allowing guards to catch up with him and take him out. 'We then handed him over to the police.' Brave fool: Fortunately, Mr Kumar  fell into a moat as he ran towards the lions and could be rescued by zoo security staff before reaching the animals (stock image) Kumar later explained: 'I don't really know why I did it. 'I was drunk and thought I'd stand a good chance.' A police spokesman said: 'He has been cautioned and will be sent for psychiatric evaluation. 'Fortunately for him, the lions were asleep and the zoo guards acted quickly enough to prevent a tragedy similar to that in Delhi.' Last year a 20-year-old man was mauled to death by a tiger in the Indian capital after climbing into its enclosure at the city zoo.","Drunk teenage boy climbed into lion enclosure at zoo in west India .
Rahul Kumar, 17, ran towards animals shouting 'Today I kill a lion!'
Fortunately he fell into a moat before reaching lions and was rescued ."
91b7d2311527f5c2b63a65ca98d21d9c92485149,Dougie Freedman is on the verge of agreeing a new two-year deal to remain at Nottingham Forest. Freedman has stabilised Forest since he replaced cult hero Stuart Pearce and the club's owners are pleased with the job he has done at the City Ground. Dougie Freedman is set to sign a new deal at Nottingham Forest . Freedman has impressed at the City Ground since replacing Stuart Pearce in February . They made an audacious attempt on the play-off places when Freedman replaced Pearce but have tailed off in recent weeks. That has not prevented Forest's ownership making moves to secure Freedman on a contract for the next two seasons.,"Nottingham Forest are close to extending Dougie Freedman's contract .
The Forest boss took over from former manager Stuart Pearce in February .
Freedman has since lead the club to ninth in the Championship ."
